it can change your path , but not always in the way you think . "
Self excitation is a mechanism which is ubiquitous for electromechanical power devices such as electrical generators .
We introduce a bt-algebra of type B .
" very funny .
evan-oh god , he had a name now-lowered his mouth to my br**sts , kissed them , sucked at a nipple as he thrust into me , and i felt like i was being turned inside-out .
fear tore through him .
" lie still , " i said , rather cross myself .
it reminds me of marilyn , but i cant say why .
We study the cosmological evolution of scalar fields with arbitrary potentials in the presence of a barotropic fluid (matter or radiation) without making any assumption on which term dominates .
i had gage , which helped .
We classify non-complete prime valency graphs satisfying the property that their automorphism group is transitive on both the set of arcs and the set of __LaTex__-geodesics .
The static three-__LaTex__ potential is investigated in the __LaTex__ lattice QCD at the quenched level, using the standard Wilson action with __LaTex__ and __LaTex__ .
This paper develops verification methodology for quantum programs, and the contribution of the paper is two-fold: 1 .
the subject remained hovering around them like a carrion bird , but for now , teria ignored it .
We present an experiment where three mesoscopic soft ferromagnetic beads are placed onto a liquid surface and submitted to the influence of magnetic fields .
" thank you , " i murmured against his lips .
women kill , too , and they have more subtlety .
by the look of it , it had been a spur of the moment decision .
" i saved your life , " i said , incredulous .
Zigzags and generalized zigzags in thin chamber complexes are investigated, in particular, all zigzags in the Coxeter complexes are described .
what 's this ? "
Suppose __LaTex__ is a subset of non-zero vectors from the vector space __LaTex__ .
The using of the internet with its technologies and applications have been increased rapidly .
one of the forms stepped forward , the edges of its body pulsing red as it raised a glowing arm .
everyone else stopped breathing and watched the floor .
Until recently, the heat capacity of GaN had only been measured for polycrystalline powder samples .
" not everything ! "
This paper is a brief overview of the main contributions of Masaki Kashiwara in the domain of microlocal and algebraic analysis .
at the end of it , i would like to know i 've lived it fully .
she knew too much !
the hunter then grabbed him by his shirt collar , tossed him over his right shoulder , and took off with him into the night .
he was aware of his sneakers .
another thing they got wrong in the movies .
A theoretical analysis of two- and three-dimensional fractional-order Hindmarsh-Rose neuronal models is presented, focusing on stability properties and occurrence of Hopf bifurcations, with respect to the fractional order of the system chosen as bifurcation parameter .
i have n't decided if you 're a certified nutcase and i should be screaming down the house for help .
We present NNPDF3.0, the first set of parton distribution functions (PDFs) determined with a methodology validated by a closure test .
get them out of here . "
she closes the door behind her , and i laugh .
We define a complete Riemannian manifold X to be large-scale conformally rigid if all groups that are quasi-isometric to some complete Riemannian manifold of bounded geometry conformal to X are quasi-isometric to X .
We study the higher-derivative equations for gauge potentials of arbitrary mixed-symmetry type obtained by setting to zero the divergences of the corresponding curvature tensors .
In this paper, a product formula of Hermite polynomials is given and then the relation between the real Wiener-It\^{o} chaos and the complex Wiener-It\^{o} chaos (or: multiple integrals) is shown .
The Noh verification test problem is extended beyond the commonly studied ideal gamma-law gas to more realistic equations of state (EOSs): including the stiff gas, the Noble-Abel gas, and the Carnahan-Starling EOS for hard-sphere fluids .
The Noble Prize in physics 2016 motivates one to study different aspects of topological properties and topological defects as their related objects .
This is intended to appear as the introduction to "The CBM Physics Book: compressed baryonic matter in laboratory experiments" (ed .
" what 's going on ? "
In this paper, we have developed a parallel branch and bound algorithm which computes the maximal structured singular value __LaTex__ without tightly bounding __LaTex__ for each frequency and thus significantly reduce the computational complexity .
In 1969 H\"ochster proved that for every quasi-compact T1-space __LaTex__ we can find a commutative ring __LaTex__ such that __LaTex__ is homeomorphic to the maximal spectrum __LaTex__ of __LaTex__ .
We examine the nuclear transparency for the quasi-elastic (__LaTex__) process at large momentum transfers in a relativistic quantum-mechanical model for the internal structure of the proton, using a relativistic harmonic oscillator model .
crying children and barking dogs accompanied my movements as i thought about moira , leon 's wife .
Despite the breakthroughs in accuracy and speed of single image super-resolution using faster and deeper convolutional neural networks, one central problem remains largely unsolved: how do we recover the finer texture details when we super-resolve at large upscaling factors ?
The characterization of systems of differential equations admitting a superposition function allowing us to write the general solution in terms of any fundamental set of particular solutions is discussed .
" ow , " i instinctively said , putting a hand on my cheek .
Supplemented with suitable buffering techniques, the low-frequency part of the SKA can be used as an ultra-precise detector for cosmic-ray air showers at very high energies .
i gave her the box of contracts and got into the car .
i 'm the one in charge here and these little fuckers are n't going anywhere unless they pay up .
The phase lag structure between the hard and soft X-ray photons observed in GRS 1915+105 and XTE J1550+564 has been said to be ``complex'' because the phase of the Quasi-Periodic Oscillation fundamental Fourier mode changes with time and because the even and odd harmonics signs behave differentely .
A chain of metallic particles, of sufficiently small diameter and spacing, allows linearly polarized plasmonic waves to propagate along the chain .
in front of everyone .
In this paper some aspects on the periodic solutions of the extended Duffing-Van der Pol oscillator are discussed .
The spectrum of a selfadjoint second order elliptic differential operator in __LaTex__ is described in terms of the limiting behavior of Dirichlet-to-Neumann maps, which arise in a multi-dimensional Glazman decomposition and correspond to an interior and an exterior boundary value problem .
Let n_d denote the degree d Veronese embedding of a projective space P^r .
This paper presents a proof of Gallai's Theorem, adapted from A. Soifer's presentation in The Mathematical Coloring Book of E. Witt's 1952 proof of Gallai's Theorem .
By taking into account base-base stacking interactions we improve the Generalized Model of Polypeptide Chain (GMPC) .
why are you still here ?
slowly , i brought myself to my elbows and looked around .
We propose a neural multi-document summarization (MDS) system that incorporates sentence relation graphs .
A general notion of information-related complexity applicable to both natural and man-made systems is proposed .
we know exactly what were doing .
from then on whenever he sent for coffee he ordered an extra little cookie for me to eat myselfi liked him a lot .
many other personnel and civilians on board the station were apparently monitored as well .
Let __LaTex__ be an abelian variety over __LaTex__ (__LaTex__ a prime number) and __LaTex__ a closed subvariety .
In this paper we examine the evolution of solutions, that initially have compact support, of a recently-derived system of cross-coupled Camassa-Holm equations .
Inspired by recent experiments where electron transport was measured across graphene nanoribbons (GNR) suspended between a metal surface and the tip of a scanning tunneling microscope [Koch \textit{et al}., Nat .
This paper shows that one can be competitive with the k-means objective while operating online .
it seemed like a reasonable trade-off at the time .
We consider the Travelling Salesman Problem with Vertex Requisitions, where for each position of the tour at most two possible vertices are given .
'there 's old poorchick 's plough horse- ' shawn began .
" i 'll get her ready then . "
the guy said , glancing down at himself .
The spatial distribution and site- distribution of metal induced gap states (MIGS) are studied by thickness dependent near edge x-ray absorption fine structure (NEXAFS) and comparing the cation and anion edge NEXAFS .
We study the inclusive production of two hadrons in deep inelastic processes, l N ---> l h_1 h_2 X, with h_1 in the current fragmentation region (CFR) and h_2 in the target fragmentation region (TFR) .
In a recent paper, Girard proposes to use his recent construction of a geometry of interaction in the hyperfinite factor in an innovative way to characterize complexity classes .
We report the detection of 24 micron variations from the planet-hosting upsilon Andromedae system consistent with the orbital periodicity of the system's innermost planet, upsilon And b .
no answer .
Global quantum quench with a finite quench rate which crosses critical points is known to lead to universal scaling of correlation functions as functions of the quench rate .
In this paper, we propose a method for real-time anomaly detection and localization in crowded scenes .
one level black brow lifted at her sarcasm .
so i never bothered putting them in . '
This is a short review of Monte Carlo methods for approximating filter distributions in state space models .
We study the possible stationary persistent supercurrents flowing on a cylindrical sample supporting a two-dimensional charged fluid .
Evidence and results suggesting that a Noether--like theorem for conservation laws in 1D RCA can be obtained .
Given an abelian length category A, the Gabriel-Roiter measure with respect to a length function l is characterized as a universal morphism __LaTex__-->P of partially ordered sets .
i wanted to do something different though , something that would challenge their minds and mix up their environment .
it wasnt a long walk and there were paths cut into the forest .
lillie turned to smile at her .
Linear-quadratic optimal control problems are considered for mean-field stochastic differential equations with deterministic coefficients .
gray watched me move .
certainly she had n't deliberately tried to enchant this vampire , not when she was convinced that he was too strong to be swayed by her meager powers .
the gun hit the wooden floor with a cold , metallic thud .
not every kid wants to do a sport , you know . "
he scoffed .
" heard of her .
This paper introduces a geometric method for proving ergodicity of degenerate noise driven stochastic processes .
but it was someone who cared enough about seizing us-or , well , me-to have set up a very organized trap , and there was only one group of people i could think of that fit that description .
We study the rare semileptonic and radiative leptonic B_s decays in the universal extra dimension model .
i had just selected a pink sprinkle when the phone rang .
We propose a simple analytic model for the innermost (within the light cylinder of canonical radius) structure of open-magnetic-field lines of a rotating neutron star (NS) with relativistic outflow of charged particles (electrons/positrons) and arbitrary angle between the NS spin and magnetic axes .
We present a study of quasar selection using the DES supernova fields .
it was amelia edwards , his classmate and until recently at least , the girl of elvis 's dreams .
Disoriented chiral condensates are manifested as long wavelength pionic oscillations and their interaction with the thermal environment can be a significant source of dileptons .
We have carried out numerical simulation based on the equations of radiation magnetohydrodynamics to study the interaction of solar granules and small-scale magnetic fields in photospheric regions with various magnetic fluxes .
We study localized wave on continuous wave background analytically in a nonlinear fiber with higher order effects such as higher order dispersion, Kerr dispersion, and stimulated inelastic scattering .
Quantum measurement is universal for quantum computation .
Polarization arising from aligned dust grains presents a unique opportunity to study magnetic fields in the diffuse interstellar medium and molecular clouds .
We investigate random walks on a lattice with imperfect traps .
This survey presents a literature review on friction stir welding (FSW) modeling with a special focus on the heat generation due to the contact conditions between the FSW tool and the workpiece .
sometimes it came in handy , but more often than not , it was a pain .
A calculation of the expected signal due to Primakov coherent conversion of solar axions into photons via Bragg scattering in several solid--state detectors is presented and compared with present and future experimental sensitivities .
We investigate a periodic array of aluminum nanoantennas embedded in a light-emitting slab waveguide .
only that it has been extremely stressful and financially costly .
the word escaped tims throat before he could swallow it .
The frequency-dependent time delays in fast radio bursts (FRBs) can be used to constrain the photon mass, if the FRB redshifts are known, but the similarity between the frequency dependences of dispersion due to plasma effects and a photon mass complicates the derivation of a limit on __LaTex__ .
Van der Waals junctions of two-dimensional materials with an atomically sharp interface open up unprecedented opportunities to design and study functional heterostructures .
Recently, the CDMS/Si experiment has observed a low energy excess of events in their dark matter search .
R-parity violating supersymmetry in a Minimal Flavor Violation paradigm can produce same-sign dilepton signals via direct sbottom-LSP pair production .
shoot .
david stood in the doorway with one hand in the pocket of his tailored black suit as he shook my dad 's with the other .
" her face contorted with abhorrence before she carried on , " then , before the summer ended , ashton-who was my on again , off again boyfriend and one of my father 's friend 's sons-actually came to visit , and i failed to disclose that to reiss .
A quantum computer directly manipulates information stored in the state of quantum mechanical systems .
she forgot she must be , too .
he had called , but there was no sound from within and morbidly he had thought how like a crypt the house seemed .
We calculate the imaginary parts of the isoscalar scalar and isovector electromagnetic form factors of the nucleon up to two-loop order in chiral perturbation theory .
The development of sensible microscopic models is essential to elucidate the normal-state and superconducting properties of the iron-based superconductors .
Monte Carlo simulations are one of the major tools in statistical physics, complex system science, and other fields, and an increasing number of these simulations is run on distributed systems like clusters or grids .
one is i never ask the name of the father .
Gaia mission will offer an exceptional opportunity to perform variability studies .
a knock from his apartment door was heard .
Calibration parameters in deterministic computer experiments are those attributes that cannot be measured or available in physical experiments .
We demonstrate that spin-charge separation can occur in two dimensions and note its confluence with superconductivity, topology, gauge theory, and fault-tolerant quantum computation .
i opened my mouth to speak , a protest forming on my lips , but luke read my mind .
Near threshold neutral pion electroproduction on the deuteron is studied in the framework of heavy baryon chiral perturbation theory .
We establish some cohomological bounds in D-module theory that are known in the holonomic case and folklore in general .
i give you my solemn word .
The title equation is completely solved in integers __LaTex__, where __LaTex__, __LaTex__ and __LaTex__ .
cody whispers to hawk .
A well known tool in conventional (von Neumann) quantum mechanics is the self-adjoint extension technique for symmetric operators .
speaking of her , when are we going shopping ? "
wouldnt have missed this chance for the world .
" because i love you , casey .
suddenly , this thing , this bright thing flew up , grabbed me and threw me back up here on the ground .
NEMO 3 is a double beta decay experiment .
Every continuous function of two or more real variables can be written as the superposition of continuous functions of one real variable along with addition .
janie was brilliant and beautiful .
Structured materials like photonic crystals require for optimal use a high precision both on position and optical characteristics of the components which they are made of .
i wondered how obvious it would be if i ran to my bike .
his voice was different when he was talking to her .
" everywhere .
it was past dinner time now , and a double-scoop cone looked like it would hit the spot .
Syntactic constituency parsing is a fundamental problem in natural language processing and has been the subject of intensive research and engineering for decades .
" can you tell i am no longer speaking english ? "
Existence and uniqueness of radially symmetric self-similar very singular solutions are proved for the singular diffusion equation with gradient absorption {equation*} \partial_t u __LaTex__u+|\nabla u|^q=0, \ \hbox{in} \ (0,\infty)\times\real^N, {equation*} where $2N/(N+1)
The multi-access channels in quantum information theory are considered .
he spoke with the easy authority of an old talamasca scholar , but i actually agreed with him .
even madam soraya told him off when she realized his intentions .
lilly bowed and flew back amongst the growing spires .
Recently, it was shown that the coupling of center-of-mass and relative motion in atomic systems leads to inelastic confinement-induced resonances (ICIRs) [Phys .
We compare theoretical dust yields for stars with mass 1 Msun < mstar < 8 Msun, and metallicities 0.001 < Z < 0.008 with observed dust production rates (DPR) by carbon- rich and oxygen-rich Asymptotic Giant Branch (C-AGB and O-AGB) stars in the Large and Small Magellanic Clouds (LMC, SMC) .
they ran forward and bue scanned the foliage .
this looks absolutely delightful , mrs. grindle !
In 2007 Agol showed that if N is an aspherical compact 3-manifold with empty or toroidal boundary such that its fundamental group is virtually RFRS, then __LaTex__ is virtually fibered .
the demon 's mouth opened , then he shook his head .
smothering a yawn because there as always someone watching , darcy continued moving , swinging , laughing .
" dad was always in and out of our lives , " cassie said .
he scowls at himself in frustration .
she swallowed , then spoke softly .
katrina had spotted the laptop as soon as he walked in the room .
Following a previous proposition of quaternity spacetime for electronic orbitals in neon shell, this paper describes the geometrical course each electron takes as it oscillates harmonically within a certain quaternity space dimension and provides the concrete connections between geometries and trigonometric wavefunctions that observe Pythagorean theorem .
with the exception of one person .
xonox tried to keep her from feeling compelled to speaking the truth , it even searched her mind and body to pin point the cause of her influence .
The comparison of magnetic moments of neutron and proton reveals three possible stationary states of a nucleon: s-, p- and o-nucleon with different configurations and presumably different masses .
We solve the dynamics of an open quantum system where N strongly driven two-level atoms are equally coupled on resonance to a dissipative cavity mode .
yes . "
i guess the russian , too . "
there .
his thin lips quirked into a smile .
The effects of line tension on the morphology of a lens-shaped droplet and bubble placed on the inner wall of a spherical cavity are studied .
The exact structure of edge modes in `hole conjugate' fractional quantum Hall states remains an unsolved issue despite significant experimental and theoretical efforts devoted to their understanding .
emeline cut in .
This paper develops a category-theoretic approach to uncertainty, informativeness and decision-making problems .
Solitonic brane cosmologies are found where the world-volume is curved due to the evolution of the dilaton field on the brane .
subjects were supposed to tell what they thought was happening in the pictures .
We study the thermodynamical properties of electrically charged black hole solutions of a nonlinear electrodynamics theory defined by a power p of the Maxwell invariant, which is coupled to Einstein gravity in four and higher spacetime dimensions .
Critical phenomena in non-equilibrium systems have been studied by means of a wide variety of theoretical and experimental approaches .
are you kidding ?
We show that the in-plane heterostructures realized in vertical cavities with high contrast __LaTex__ reflector enables exotic configurations of heterostructure and photonic wells .
A result is given to find points where a real valued function on the plane is not smooth .
oh , its worse than that , jake grinned .
we had never tried with three , and so we ran some simulations here .
Semigroups describing the time evolution of open quantum systems in finite-dimensional spaces have generators of a special form, known as Lindblad generators .
" what gave you that idea ? "
